# Alert data model

## Description
This entity models an alert generated by a user in a givel location. This models could be used to send alerts related to traffic jam, accidents, weather conditions, high level of pollutants and so on. 
The objective of this model is to define all the data that will send to Orion Context Broker. Then, an application could suscribe to OCB and to take these informaion and to generate notifications for a user or trigger other actions.


## Alert definition
Alerts are context data generated by final users (humans) or devices, such as smartphones or software apps. Also, a Smart Spot or Cloudino could send alerts if these technologies can incorporate some type of processing device that could process data and to  determine if the data contains some data to be communicated to users. For instance, a Smart Spot could produces an alert about high levels of Ozone and in the same way the Cloudino could send alerts of strong raining to users. 

An alert is generated by a specific situation that trigger an alert. The main features of an alert is that it is not predictable and it is not a recurrent data. That means that an alert could be an accident or a high level of pollutants measure, additionally it could be the fall down of a patient or a car driving in the opposite direction.

When a user or device detects an irregular situation sends an alert to a set of users. The context data around the alert are send to the Orion Context Broker according a specific data model. Some examples of context data are: type of alert (traffic, suspicious activities, and pollution, etc.), severity, location and so on. In Figure 1 is presented an alerts schema. The idea is to represent a general view of the alert concepts.

## Examples of use
	
	{
		"id": "Alert:1",
		"type": "Alert",
		"alertType": "Weather condition",
		"eventObserved": "Heat wave",
		"location": {
			"type": "feature",
			"coordinates": [-3.712247222222222, 40.423852777777775]
		},
		"dateTime": "2017-01-02T09:25:55.00Z",
		"description": "Extreme danger: heat stroke is imminent.",
		refuser:"",
		"refDevice": "Device1",
	}  

