# Alert data model

## Description
This entity models an alert generated either by a user or by a device. This models could be used to send alerts related to traffic jam, accidents, weather conditions, high level of pollutants and so on.
The purpose of the model is to support the generation of notifications for a user or trigger other actions,
based on such alerts.


## Alert definition
Alerts are context data generated by final users (humans) or devices, such as smartphones, service, or sensors. 

An alert is generated by a specific situation. The main features of an alert is that it is not predictable and it is not a recurrent data. That means that an alert could be an accident or a high level of pollutants measure, additionally it could be the fall down of a patient or a car driving in the opposite direction.

When a user or device detects an irregular situation sends an alert to a set of users. The context data around the alert are send to the Orion Context Broker according a specific data model. Some examples of context data are: type of alert (traffic, suspicious activities, and pollution, etc.), severity, location and so on.


## Examples of use

	{
		"id": "Alert:1",
		"type": "Alert",
		"alertType": "Weather condition",
		"eventObserved": "Heat wave",
		"location": {
			"type": "feature",
			"coordinates": [-3.712247222222222, 40.423852777777775]
		},
		"dateTime": "2017-01-02T09:25:55.00Z",
		"description": "Extreme danger: heat stroke is imminent.",
		"refuser":"",
		"refDevice": "Device1"
	}  
